i am i
everything
first all-youth youth camp
mashuk 2010
can rightly be called unique
not so often in one place in a big
quantity going youth
from all to the north caucasus
so different
and at the same time it seems
no doubt we have different customs
what is accepted by some is unacceptable for
other
I understand the Russian language
who does not know Karachay
Circassian leasing is not like
Dagestani
but there is a debt that unites us more
than share
we don't live in that group nearest
neighbor is so hundreds of kilometers away and
I saw you only twice a day
this is kind of a family hostel with
their problems and problems
cockroaches
and roommates easier to negotiate
initiative is to be able to fight and
after all the war of the war
learn to negotiate us
had the first day
had to count
territory
table counters
solve the water issue
gradually came the realization that he
one team
and that only together we can achieve
of success
we have learned not only
interact but also extract boiling water
eat buckwheat with stew
chambers
we know someone go start
we used to wake up under the anthem
Russia and fall asleep satrap neighbor
still we would clearly realize that already in
clean forest is much nicer than in
dirty slides
the main weapon in the fight against difficulties
has become
he is now
all other products that
reduce emissions
I refused
to contribute to the formation
team spirit plus rain
which the scale of the camp turned into
global flood
remembers the accident
she is
for heating
the choice fell on manezhke
during the war
comfortable spot
absolute freedom
in Holland
he didn't have
Nizhny Novgorod
due to use
stubborn may
Ugulava
everyday
preparing us new discoveries acquaintance with
interesting people and a sea of ​​emotions
we were taught to correctly submit your idea
were taught to communicate with potential
investors so that those without fail
wanted to give us money
and most importantly
we were shown our capabilities about which
many of us just did not guess
sorry true that the grant was not
so many good people but the next
year promised to fix situations
so talented guys don't miss
mashuk 2011
I didn't want to part
life in the commune as it turned out not only
disciplined but delayed
from the camp each of us took away bright
memories
positive charge if you wish to make
something mean
South Africa
all project suspects once i'm talking
some with me